gh-109595: Add -Xcpu_count=<n> cmdline for container users (#109667)
python/cpython: Doc/using/cmdline.rst

     report Python calls. This option is only available on some platforms and
     will do nothing if is not supported on the current system. The default value
     is "off". See also :envvar:`PYTHONPERFSUPPORT` and :ref:`perf_profiling`.

>    * ``-X cpu_count=<n>`` will override the number of cpu count from system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :samp:`-X cpu_count={n}` will override the number of CPU count from system.
```

>    * ``-X cpu_count=<n>`` will override the number of cpu count from system.
>      If this option is provided, :func:`os.cpu_count` will return the overrided value.

Reviewer: > will override the number of cpu count from system

Honestly, that's vague. Just describe what it does:

```suggestion
   * ``-X cpu_count=<n>`` overrides :func:`os.cpu_count`.
```

>      This option will be useful for users who need to limit cpu resource of the container system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This option will be useful for users who need to limit CPU resources of a container system.
```

Please document that *n* must be at least 1.

     report Python calls. This option is only available on some platforms and
     will do nothing if is not supported on the current system. The default value
     is "off". See also :envvar:`PYTHONPERFSUPPORT` and :ref:`perf_profiling`.
   * :samp:`-X cpu_count={n}` overrides :func:`os.cpu_count`.

>      And *n* must be greater than 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     *n* must be greater than or equal to 1.
```

I prefer >= 1, it's more human friendly :-)

>      And *n* must be greater equal then 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :samp:`-X cpu_count={n}` overrides the number of CPU count from system:
     :func:`os.cpu_count` returns *n*. The value *n* must be greater than
     or equal to 1.
```

>      This option will be useful for users who need to limit CPU resources of a container system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This option is useful for users who need to limit CPU resources of a container system.
```

     report Python calls. This option is only available on some platforms and
     will do nothing if is not supported on the current system. The default value
     is "off". See also :envvar:`PYTHONPERFSUPPORT` and :ref:`perf_profiling`.
   * :samp:`-X cpu_count={n}` overrides :func:`os.cpu_count` and :func:`os.process_cpu_count`.
     *n* must be greater than or equal to 1.
     This option is useful for users who need to limit CPU resources of a container system.
     See also :envvar:`PYTHONCPUCOUNT`.

>      If *n* is "default", it follows default :func:`os.cpu_count` even if :envvar:`PYTHONCPUCOUNT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If *n* is ``default``, it follows default :func:`os.cpu_count` even if :envvar:`PYTHONCPUCOUNT`
```

     *n* must be greater than or equal to 1.
     This option is useful for users who need to limit CPU resources of a container system.
     See also :envvar:`PYTHONCPUCOUNT`.

>      If *n* is ``default``, it follows default :func:`os.cpu_count` even if :envvar:`PYTHONCPUCOUNT`

Reviewer: I suggest:

```suggestion
     If *n* is ``default``, :func:`os.cpu_count` and  :func:`os.process_cpu_count` are not overridden.
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.12
      The ``-X perf`` option.

   .. versionadded:: 3.13

>       The ``-X cpu_count`` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The ``-X cpu_count`` option.
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.12

.. envvar:: PYTHONCPUCOUNT

   If this variable is set to a positive integer, it overrides

>    :func:`os.cpu_count` and and :func:`os.process_cpu_count`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :func:`os.cpu_count` and and :func:`os.process_cpu_count` result.
```

>    See also the :samp:`-X cpu_count={n}` command-line option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See also the :opt:`-X cpu_count <-X>` command-line option.
```

.. envvar:: PYTHONCPUCOUNT

   If this variable is set to a positive integer, it overrides

>    :func:`os.cpu_count` and and :func:`os.process_cpu_count` result.

Reviewer: In init_config, you used "result". I would prefer consistency, either "result" in both docs, or "return value" in both docs.

```suggestion
   :func:`os.cpu_count` and and :func:`os.process_cpu_count` return value.
```
